\section{Future Research}

%% \section{What follow-up could be done on this project?}
%% \section{What other questions could be researched in this area?}

%% From questions and hypotheses

Future researchers could survey in detail what about current mobile offerings is
dissatisfying to the average consumer.  Despite enormous inroads into mobile PC
sales made by Netbook manufacturers like ASUS and Acer, the primary drive for
these PCs seems to be cost at this point\citep{gladstone09}.  There is a dearth
of research regarding actual customer perception of mobile platforms designed
for use in conjunction with cloud services.  Customer surveying could be
utilized to answer this question and then utilized to aid in the mockup of the
mobile platform.

Another area of future research could be investigating whether considerations
surrounding privacy affect peoples' opinion of cloud services at this point or
whether most people are comfortable with a corporation housing and protecting
their private data.  This could take the form of a survey of previous research
regarding privacy considerations and how they affect perception of the Internet
or in direct surveying of people.

%% From design methods and procedures

In regards to performance testing, the following areas of expansion are easily
seen.  Initially a much larger spreadsheet was desired but performance limits in
Google Docs forbid this.  Unfortunately, that made comparison at the local level
effectively moot as neither platform showed any difficulty in performing the
various calculations while much larger samples (~65,000) would take significant
time to open and just as much time to recalculate if data were changed.
However, both systems had to be operating on the same data both locally and in
the cloud.  A different service would have to be found that offered the ability
to perform large scale spreadsheet calculations although the researcher is
unable to find any that offer better support for large spreadsheets than Google
Spreadsheets.
