\documentclass[12pt,oneside,letterpaper,titlepage]{report}
\author{Tim Visher\\ CMSCU 498\\ Chestnut Hill College}
\title{Cloud Computing and the Ideal Mobile Platform}

\usepackage[hyperindex=true,colorlinks=true]{hyperref}
\usepackage[all]{hypcap}
\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage[version=3]{mhchem}
\usepackage[colorlinks=true]{hyperref}
\usepackage{paralist}
\usepackage{listings}
\usepackage{fullpage}

\lstset{basicstyle=\small}

\hypersetup{
    citecolor=blue,
    filecolor=blue,
    linkcolor=blue,
    urlcolor=blue
}

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\tableofcontents

\newpage

\begin{abstract}

Mobile platforms are currently designed to be less powerful but mobile versions
of desktop computers.  At the same time, extraordinary advances have been made
in the area of broadband Internet connectivity.  These advances have lead to a
resurgence in the Client/Server computing model so prevalent in the early days
of public computing under the name of Cloud Computing.  Cloud services allow a
computer to do many operations previously only thought possible on a powerful
local machine by sending the data and instructions to a much more powerful third
party computer and waiting to get the results back.  The question the researcher
is attempting to answer is: Considering advances in Cloud Computing, what would
the ideal mobile platform, designed for longevity between charges, look like?
In order to answer this question, research was done into battery performance as
the researcher believes that battery life is one of the main culprits behind
hampered mobile platform adoption, and performance testing was done on a
traditional Notebook PC and a Netbook PC to ascertain whether the two devices'
use of cloud services was identical or not.  The research proved that utilizing
cloud services requires almost no local processing power, except in the display
of the results while at the same time confirming that the power differences
between the two mobile platforms was very noticeable when performing local
operations.  The research also indicated strongly that the main available areas
of improvement in the design of mobile platforms is in demand management.
Research in Battery technology especially has stalled except for a few bright
areas like that of utilizing nano technology to build ultra-capacitive
batteries.  The implications of this research lead the researcher to conclude
that the ideal mobile platform would enforce the use of cloud services as a
practice of demand management and focus almost all of it's computational
resources on efficiently displaying graphical display data and maintaining high
network connectivity.

\end{abstract}

\chapter{Introduction}

\newpage

Today's mobile platforms are designed to be mobile desktop computing
environments.  This means that they are optimized for local operations and not
for long run times.  The researcher believes this is out of step with the
current trends in Cloud Computing.  Just like in the beginnings of public
computing, Cloud Computing centralizes on the idea of making software available
as a service accessed over cheap or rented hardware.  The problems faced by the
original software providers (public access to the Internet and the cost of
providing and procuring the hardware) are not faced by today's service
providers, though.  Broadband Internet connectivity is widespread at this point,
at least in the developed and increasingly so in the developing world and
hardware has dropped in price enough that most families are able to afford it,
even in it's hybridized state.  The problem remains that truly widespread mobile
platform adoption is yet to happen.  The researcher believes that this is due to
the failing of mobile platform providers to capitalize on the performance gains
possible in the dependence upon cloud computing resources which offload much of
the processing power required to do computation to a foreign machine and thus
extend battery life greatly through demand management.

The purpose of this research was to discover how the advent of cloud computing
will affect the design of mobile hardware.  Current mobile hardware is designed
with the idea of making a desktop computer mobile.  The emphasis is on local
computational power with applications and services that are hosted on your
machine.  The advent of Cloud Computing could allow for a redesign of mobile
platforms that focused on providing long battery life and high quality
connection to and use of cloud services.

The goal of the design would be to 
\begin{inparaenum}[(1)]
\item Maximize battery life;
\item Maximize performance, perhaps through the design of a special processor
  that focuses on doing computation specific to utilizing web services
  efficiently; and
\item Minimize local computation to 
  \begin{inparaenum}[(a)]
  \item displaying the UI;
  \item translating input; and
  \item maintaining network connectivity.
  \end{inparaenum}
\end{inparaenum}

% Case for why the question is important or interesting and why the reader should want an answer?

The reason my research question is relevant is that cloud services are finally
beginning to gain real traction in the public's eye.  Many people are happy to
get their e-mail primarily through a web interface like GMail or Hotmail,
signaling a real change in public perceptions of performance, customizability,
and privacy.  Services like Google's Office Suite Google Docs, while still in
need of performance improvements, still perfectly serve for smaller
spreadsheets, documents, and presentations.  And they can be used on any
platform with access to a browser with exactly the same performance
characteristics as on the most performant machines today.  This reality allows
for the design of a truly cloud based mobile platform.

\chapter{Literature Review}

\newpage

  \include{literatureReview}

\chapter{Questions and Hypotheses}

\newpage

  \include{questionsAndHypotheses}

\chapter{Design: Methods and Procedures}

\newpage

  \include{designMethodsAndProcedures}

\chapter{Discussion}

\newpage

  \include{discussion}

\chapter{Possible Future Research}

\newpage

  \include{futureResearch}

\appendix

\chapter{Source Code}

\newpage

\label{sourceCode}
%\section{Source code from computer programs or other project}

\lstinputlisting[numbers=left,title=\lstname,frame=single,breaklines,label=randomSourceGen.groovy,caption=randomSourceGen.groovy]{randomSourceGen.groovy}

\newpage
\bibliographystyle{newapa}
\bibliography{bibliography}

\end{document}
